Well, what the eldest sister said is good
Furthermore, the company has passed a resolution
It only covers
Power battery projects in new energy sources
You are now expanding the project to include wind energy without authorization
Water energy light energy
Renewable fuels, etc
It is the complete layout of the entire industry
If the new energy market cannot
Get rapid development
Once the project is launched
We are bound to fall into a situation of overcapacity
Ling Fan is in such a mood
I have every reason to wonder if you have other intentions
Mom, I think I should listen to Chu Sheng's opinion
Immediate shutdown
stop loss in time
That's a good point.
This project
It is not just the first key project in Zhongzhou
It is the first in the country
at the same time
The center will also provide key support for this project
To achieve overtaking in the entire new energy market
But I can't say that yet.
Otherwise, these guys would definitely fight back
This is me giving Lin's to dominate Zhongzhou
It's a chance to win
You blind things
To give up now
From now on, just kneel down and beg me
There will be no such opportunity
Please
Your joke is really not funny at all
For the sake of our family
I don't want to be on the family council
Reveal your shameless deeds
I have already given you the opportunity.
But you keep going back and forth
I can only kill my relatives for Ling's righteousness today
Smart
Take things out
I'll see how you do this for a while